{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - Countability has true and false as options. Are these the same as mass vs count? Mass = False, Count = True?\
\
@Cynthia: Yes, that is the intention of this attribute.  For our annotations we don\'92t have to worry about the attributes inherited from ISO-Space that aren\'92t mentioned in the specification.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 Spacial Entities Questions:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
- "Enter TOLKACHOV holding in his hands a glass globe for a lamp, a toy bicycle, three hat-boxes, a large parcel containing a dress, a bin-case of beer, and several little parcels."\
What is important in this sentence?\
\
similarly, \
"CHARLOTTA wears a man's old peaked cap; she has unslung a rifle from her shoulders and is putting to rights the buckle on the strap."\
Is this considered just a description of a Charlotta?\
\
-"near it a well and large stones, which apparently are old tombstones"\
'Stones' and 'tombstones' represent the same entities, but the words evoke different intrinsic/relative relations. 'Stone' would be all relative, while 'tombstones' seem to at least have intrinsic top/bottom\
\
- "The Captain opens his desk and seats himself at it"\
How to handle captain/himself and desk/it, since they refer to the same entities?\
\
\
-"In the distance is a row of telegraph poles" \
Do we annotate only 'poles', 'row of poles', or both 'row' and 'poles' with a link between them? \
\
similarly,\
"On one side rise dark poplars, behind them begins the cherry orchard." (also town, mountains, etc)\
\
-"In the middle of the room and facing the fireplace is (observe) a solid knee-hole writing-table, covered with papers and books of reference, and supported by a chair at the middle and 
\b another
\b0  at the side."\
Not sure what to do with this. Should 'middle' (also side, corner, etc) be annotated? Also, how should we annotate implied entities? By 'another', the author means 'another chair', so should we treat 'another' as the same as 'chair' in this case? Seems like that would mess something up.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 Orientation/Configuration Questions\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I think we really need examples for both of these in the spec.\
\
I'm not sure how to handle cluster, coercion, and trigger in the configuration links.\
\
Would it be useful to annotate links between spacial entities and orientation signals?\
\
}